A Child starts learnign from the day it can sense moving object and hear sounds. First the child is able to recognise shapes and appearance of objects and then recognises the complicated objezts. At the same time learns nouns because they are directly related to objects. The child is not able to distinguish the word boundary initially but still it is able to assign words to object. As the learning increases it starts recognising the complicated things like actions and corresponding verbs.
This project is based on this learning process of child and a step tried towards making computers to be able to learn objects and actions and corresponding words. We use similar approach to recognising these as a child learns.
	Our dataset is a set of psychological videos made for the purpose of using it to discover autism disese in children.In the video, we extrace features which are relevant to action discovery from each frames. We divide these features of video into small segments. Then we learn HMM on each of the segment. After that we calculate the distance between two HMMs using mutual acceptance measure and based on it, we do hierarchical clustering.
	At the same time we calculate the commentaries for the same video. And we calculate association measures for all words in different concepts. The words with high measures will be the nouns most likely referring to the coresponding concept. In this way, the discovery of nouns is done.
	For verbs, two approaches are used :
	1- Supervised : We label each action in the video manually with its frame numbers. Now learn HMM on each of the action lable and mearge the closest clusters to form one cluster. On the resulting lesser clusters, get the corresponding commentaries. Evaluate Relative Frequency all words of each cluster. Remove common words and We get verbs learnt supervised.
	2- Unsupervised : Cut the tree, created by hierarchical clustering to get certain number of clusters. Do similar procedure as supervised to get verbs.